== Welcome to Iivari

Iivari is a digital signage system designed for schools. The goal of the 
project is to provide simple and easy to use tool to broadcast 
information inside schools. For example, changes to classes, exam 
schedules, lunch menu, showcase for works done in art classes, etc. The 
focus is on texts and images - audio and video are not supported.

All slides are fullscreen slides and the slides cannot be split in 
smaller sections. The slides are static and there are no transitional 
effects. There are multiple slide layouts and adding them is fairly 
easy.

A single server can serve multiple channels with their own content. 
Every display needs to have its own client computer that runs a web 
browser (only Chromium is supported currently). The browser loads the 
specified URL and shows its contents. The client side uses HTML5 and 
javascript to support offline mode. The contents are stored in offline 
storage in the browser and the browser keeps showing the old data until 
network works again. Offline mode works also when the browser is 
restarted when there is no network connection.

Available slide layouts:
* text only (fullscreen)
* text on the left, image on the right
* text on the right, image on the left
* embedded external webpage (URL)

Iivari is built using Rails 3 and it uses HTML5 on the client side. 
Currently admin users can be authenticated only against an LDAP server, 
but there are plans to make it more flexible. The development of Iivari 
has been done in parallel with Puavo.

== Copyright

Copyright © 2010-2011 Opinsys Oy

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it 
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the 
Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your 
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but 
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of 
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General 
Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along 
with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
